hey guys g---forty survive or thrive TV
we're out here at Painted Hills
Coachella Valley outside of Palm Springs
were bugging out for a couple days and I
want to do a follow-up video to a video
I did a few weeks ago called people are
disappearing in California people are
going bankrupt they're losing everything
and under this load of debt there's a
load of shame and instead of saying
goodbye to neighbors that they've known
for 10 20 years people are just packing
up their things and they're leaving many
times they're leaving out of state and
they're leaving to places like Texas
Oklahoma North Dakota Georgia I'm
hearing Georgia a lot it's like there's
a whole migration happening from the
west coast to other parts of the country
and many times these people don't have
jobs lined up there are going to live
with other family and hoping for more
opportunities the the workers the ones
that are making the 30 40 50 thousand
dollars a year are all leaving
California what we're left with is kind
of a migrant immigrant population that
makes the majority of its income under
the table and then takes advantage of
government programs like food stamps
welfare low-income housing and then on
the coastal communities you have people
that seem almost unaffected by the
economic situation you know these are
multi millionaires that have either made
their money in the stock market or real
estate and they've lost a little bit of
their net worth but they're still living
a very very good life when it's when
it's cold in the winter we're coming out
here in the desert and we're hanging out
here when it gets warmer we're headed to
the coast where we're staying at state
beaches or we're headed up to like Lake
Isabella or staying up in the mountains
teachers are being pushed to the max
they already are having 30 plus students
per classroom there's a lot of stress a
lot of stress on the parents a lot of
stress on the students a lot of stress
on the teachers and these teachers are
trying as hard as they can
but they're still getting those pink
slips and they're hoping to get hired on
again but they're kind of like
everybody's in a kind of a state of
limbo they don't know where their next
job is going to happen they don't know
where their next of sometimes their next
meals gonna happen many people are at
their end of the rope with with their
rent with their mortgage so it's kind of
like right now what we're seeing is is
just a zombie-like state of Americans
there is a whole class of people that
cannot pay registration fees they cannot
pay $500 red light camera fees and
they're starting to get in trouble with
their licenses and what's happening in
California is are tacking $300 on top of
those fees and right away
they're suspending licenses and Jerry
Brown is is setting the wheels in motion
to start suspending people's licenses
for non-payment of property taxes in
California there was a time where people
could make $100,000 then they're having
a shift in lifestyle shift in income and
they're making 20,000 well they still
owe those property taxes from the time
that they were making money or those
income taxes but they just don't have
the income to make those payments is now
the states come in and in saying we're
gonna take away your licenses so people
are not only can people are not pay the
debts that they owe they can't pay the
taxes they owe now they're going to be
there their driver's license are gonna
be taken away
it's just insult to injury and it just
doesn't even make any sense why would
you inhibit people's ability to work
when you're trying to collect revenue
for them so what we're seeing on a
wholesale basis is government coming
down harder and harder on the American
worker and eventually I think I
personally believe all debts either
private or public are going to be
consolidated under some government arm
right now it's a Franchise Tax Board and
they're going to start taking away your
passport they're gonna start taking away
your license they're gonna start taking
away all your rights until you start
paying off these debts and we've seen
this with the wholesale taking away of
rights of the so called deadbeat down
it's that was the trial run is okay if
you're a deadbeat dad or you're called a
deadbeat dad we're gonna take away your
passport we're gonna take away your
license and we're so you can't even have
the ability to pay those custody
payments and then we're gonna put you in
jail for two or three months out of the
year so it's this whole class of men in
America that have just been disemboweled
financially and now we're headed to a
situation where now the government is
okay now it's time to move on to the
next group of individuals and it looks
like what they're going to be hitting is
the formerly high income middle class
American and that it can no longer make
those taxes can no longer make those pay
those fees those penalties now they're
gonna start putting the collapse on
we have seen military movements we've
seen a lot of train movement down here
in Southern California so in some ways
it is disturbing we don't know exactly
what's happening but there are things
called fusion centers that were set up
primarily I believe for the illegal
immigrant population and they are the
government is taking down buildings and
they're not putting signs on these
buildings but they're processing
individuals and from what I'm hearing is
that family members get taken to these
centers and they're not allowed to see
their family they move from location to
location you can't find them so in some
ways there are people disappearing
they're disappearing getting lost in the
system
kids are being left with their
grandparents and the parents are leaving
to go find work
massive breakup in the families right
now a massive breakup on the families I
know we have 50 percent divorce rate in
this country but right now families are
being taxed to the limit financial
financial financial issues everybody's
having to reassess their lifestyles and
especially with gas prices at the way
they are now commuters people that are
commuting to work just do not know how
to handle this they're putting that four
hundred five hundred six hundred dollar
gas bill on their credit card hoping and
praying that the gas prices come down
the problem is they're not coming down
we're seeing higher prices at the
grocery store higher prices at the gas
station and people's income levels are
staying the same they're going down if
anything and there's more pressure at
work because people are being required
to do the job of two or three people so
the ones that are staying here that are
kind of sticking it out through the
collapse is happening in Southern
California we're just kind of left what
happened to the Joneses down the street
what happened to the Smiths down the
street we don't know you know so who
knows who knows the answer I think white
right now is a mainly financial people
are losing their homes they're losing
everything and they're just too dang
embarrassed to talk about it peace out
god bless take